Lessons/7-Anticipation.md, before:

## Anticipation

You step up to the lane, bowling ball in hand. With a thoughtful motion you swing back then foward as you let the ball go. It rolls down the lane towards the pens and ...

Anticipation is the preperation for an action. It sets an expectation of something about to happen. It can be humorous to turn this expectation on it's head on purpose. Someone looks like they are preparing to run, but instead they start sluggishly walking. This can be very funny, but it has to be setup with understanding of what would normally be expected and how to properly setup anticipation.

With bowling, the anticipation is setup in the posture before swinging the ball forwards. It's the preparation for release, the bending, swinging the arm back and stepping forward. That preparation sets up anticipation of an expected action, letting the ball go down the lane. The setup for a joke is what makes the punchline work. The setup for an action is what makes the action have the impact you want.

You can make use of keyframes in CSS to acheieve this effect, along with timing.

***
## Assignment
Think of an action that can proceed your main action and sets up anticipation. You can choose to have the main action be the opposite of what would be expected or be in line with expectation. That is completely up to you.

In my code pen I opted to use a ball rolling to illustrate anticipation https://codepen.io/crystal-williams-brown/pen/LYXKmdG

Commit message:

added requirements for the anticpation assignment

Lessons/7-Anticipation.md, after:

## Anticipation

You step up to the lane, bowling ball in hand. With a thoughtful motion you swing back then foward as you let the ball go. It rolls down the lane towards the pens and ...

Anticipation is the preperation for an action. It sets an expectation of something about to happen. It can be humorous to turn this expectation on it's head on purpose. Someone looks like they are preparing to run, but instead they start sluggishly walking. This can be very funny, but it has to be setup with understanding of what would normally be expected and how to properly setup anticipation.

With bowling, the anticipation is setup in the posture before swinging the ball forwards. It's the preparation for release, the bending, swinging the arm back and stepping forward. That preparation sets up anticipation of an expected action, letting the ball go down the lane. The setup for a joke is what makes the punchline work. The setup for an action is what makes the action have the impact you want.

You can make use of keyframes in CSS to acheieve this effect, along with timing.

***
## Assignment
Think of an action that can proceed your main action and sets up anticipation. You can choose to have the main action be the opposite of what would be expected or be in line with expectation. That is completely up to you.

#### Requirements:
Use code pen to show anticipation by adding a setup action to the main action of the animation.

In my code pen I opted to use a ball rolling to illustrate anticipation https://codepen.io/crystal-williams-brown/pen/LYXKmdG
